[IMP] sales: update customer addresses (#3784)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/different_addresses.rst

Deliver and invoice to different addresses
==========================================

> With Odoo Sales, customers can use different addresses for delivery and invoicing.

Reviewer: With :guilabel:`Odoo Sales`, ...

Activate the feature
====================

Activate the :guilabel:`Customer Addresses` feature in the settings. It is located in
:menuselection:`Accounting > Configuration > Settings` if the Accounting app is installed, or

> :menuselection:`Invoicing > Configuration > Settings` if the Accounting app is not installed.

Reviewer: Activate the :guilabel:`Customer Addresses` feature in the settings. 

If the :guilabel:`Accounting` app is installed, the :guilabel:`Customer Addresses` feature is located in :menuselection:`Accounting > Configuration > Settings`.

If the :guilabel:`Accounting` app is *not* installed, the :guilabel:`Customer Addresses` feature is located in
:menuselection:`Invoicing > Configuration > Settings`.

.. image:: different_addresses/customer-addresses-setting.png
   :align: center
   :class: img-thumbnail
   :alt: Activate the Customer Addresses setting

Configure the contact form
==========================

Navigate to the :guilabel:`Contacts` application, or to :menuselection:`Sales > Orders >
Customers`, and click on a customer to open their contact form. Under the :guilabel:`Contacts &

> Addresses` tab, click :guilabel:`Add`.

Reviewer: Navigate to the :guilabel:`Contacts` application (or to :menuselection:`Sales > Orders >
Customers`), and click on a customer to open their contact form. 

Under the :guilabel:`Contacts & Addresses` tab, click :guilabel:`Add`.

.. image:: different_addresses/contact-form-add-address.png
   :align: center
   :class: img-thumbnail
   :alt: Add a contact/address to the contact form

Then, select which type of address to add to the contact form (i.e. :guilabel:`Invoice Address` or
:guilabel:`Delivery Address`).

.. image:: different_addresses/create-contact-window.png
   :align: center
   :class: img-thumbnail
   :alt: Create a new contact/address on a contact form

Enter the address information. Then, click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to save the address and close
the :guilabel:`Create Contact` window, or click :guilabel:`Save & New` to save this address and

> immediately input another one.

Reviewer: Enter the address information. Then, click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to save the address, and close
the :guilabel:`Create Contact` window.

Or, click :guilabel:`Save & New` to save this address, and immediately input another one.

Add addresses to the quotation
==============================

When a customer is added to a quotation, the :guilabel:`Invoice Address` and :guilabel:`Delivery

> Address` will autopopulate according to the customer’s contact form.

Reviewer: When a customer is added to a quotation, the :guilabel:`Invoice Address` and :guilabel:`Delivery
Address` will autopopulate (according to the customer’s contact form).

.. image:: different_addresses/quotation-address-autopopulate.png
   :align: center
   :class: img-thumbnail
   :alt: Invoice and Delivery Addresses autopopulate on a quotation

The :guilabel:`Invoice Address` and :guilabel:`Delivery Address` can also be edited directly from

> the quotation by clicking on the :guilabel:`Internal link` button next to the address line.

Reviewer: The :guilabel:`Invoice Address` and :guilabel:`Delivery Address` can also be edited directly from
the quotation, by clicking on the :guilabel:`Internal link` button next to the address line.

Deliver and invoice to different addresses
==========================================

> With :guilabel:`Odoo Sales`, customers can use different addresses for delivery and invoicing.

Author: By "customers" I actually meant customers in the Contacts app, not the Odoo user. Clarified in the latest version.

   :class: img-thumbnail
   :alt: Activate the Customer Addresses setting

Configure the contact form
==========================

Navigate to the :guilabel:`Contacts` app (or to :menuselection:`Sales --> Orders --> Customers`),
and click on a customer to open their contact form.

Under the :guilabel:`Contacts & Addresses` tab, click :guilabel:`Add`.

.. image:: different_addresses/contact-form-add-address.png
   :align: center
   :class: img-thumbnail
   :alt: Add a contact/address to the contact form

Then, select which type of address to add to the contact form (i.e. :guilabel:`Invoice Address` or
:guilabel:`Delivery Address`).

.. image:: different_addresses/create-contact-window.png
   :align: center
   :class: img-thumbnail
   :alt: Create a new contact/address on a contact form

Enter the address information. Then, click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to save the address and close
the :guilabel:`Create Contact` window. Or, click :guilabel:`Save & New` to save this address and
immediately input another one.

Add addresses to the quotation
==============================

When a customer is added to a quotation, the :guilabel:`Invoice Address` and :guilabel:`Delivery

> Address` will autopopulate according to the customer’s contact form.

Reviewer 2: Slightly more specific
```suggestion
Address` fields will autopopulate according to the values that were added on the customer's contact
form.
```

.. image:: different_addresses/quotation-address-autopopulate.png
   :align: center
   :class: img-thumbnail
   :alt: Invoice and Delivery Addresses autopopulate on a quotation

The :guilabel:`Invoice Address` and :guilabel:`Delivery Address` can also be edited directly from

> the quotation, by clicking on the :guilabel:`Internal link` button next to the address line.

Reviewer 2: Seems like the doc ends a little prematurely. It's not quite clear what the outcome (dare I say, "wow" moment) is. Now that these addresses are configured, what now? What outcome is produced?
